[VP][RISCV] Introduce vp.lrint/llrint and RISC-V support. (#82627)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/LangRef.rst

      %t = call <4 x float> @llvm.trunc.v4f32(<4 x float> %a)
      %also.r = select <4 x i1> %mask, <4 x float> %t, <4 x float> poison

.. _int_vp_lrint:

'``llvm.vp.lrint.*``' Intrinsics
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Syntax:
"""""""
This is an overloaded intrinsic.

::

>       declare <16 x i32>  @llvm.vp.lrint..v16i32.v16f32 (<16 x float> <op>, <16 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)
>       declare <vscale x 4 x i32>  @llvm.vp.lrint.nxv4i32.nxv4f32 (<vscale x 4 x float> <op>, <vscale x 4 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)
>       declare <256 x i64>  @llvm.vp.lrint.v256i64.v256f64 (<256 x double> <op>, <256 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      declare <16 x i32> @llvm.vp.lrint.v16i32.v16f32(<16 x float> <op>, <16 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)
      declare <vscale x 4 x i32> @llvm.vp.lrint.nxv4i32.nxv4f32(<vscale x 4 x float> <op>, <vscale x 4 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)
      declare <256 x i64> @llvm.vp.lrint.v256i64.v256f64(<256 x double> <op>, <256 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)
```

Overview:
"""""""""

Predicated lrint of a vector of floating-point values.

Arguments:
""""""""""

> The result is an intger vector and the first operand is an float vector and has
> the same number of elements as the result vector type. The second operand is the
> vector mask and has the same number of elements as the result vector type. The
> third operand is the explicit vector length of the operation.

Reviewer: Maybe some minor adjustments to bring it inline with the other fp vp intrinsics?
```suggestion
The result is an integer vector and the first operand is a vector of :ref:`floating-point <t_floating>` type with
the same number of elements as the result vector type. The second operand is the
vector mask and has the same number of elements as the result vector type. The
third operand is the explicit vector length of the operation.
```

Semantics:
""""""""""

The '``llvm.vp.lrint``' intrinsic performs lrint (:ref:`lrint <int_lrint>`) of
the first vector operand on each enabled lane. The result on disabled lanes is a
:ref:`poison value <poisonvalues>`.

Examples:
"""""""""

.. code-block:: llvm

      %r = call <4 x i32> @llvm.vp.lrint.v4i32.v4f32(<4 x float> %a, <4 x i1> %mask, i32 %evl)
      ;; For all lanes below %evl, %r is lane-wise equivalent to %also.r

      %t = call <4 x i32> @llvm.lrint.v4f32(<4 x float> %a)
      %also.r = select <4 x i1> %mask, <4 x i32> %t, <4 x i32> poison

.. _int_vp_llrint:

'``llvm.vp.llrint.*``' Intrinsics
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Syntax:
"""""""
This is an overloaded intrinsic.

::

>       declare <16 x i32>  @llvm.vp.llrint..v16i32.v16f32 (<16 x float> <op>, <16 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)
>       declare <vscale x 4 x i32>  @llvm.vp.llrint.nxv4i32.nxv4f32 (<vscale x 4 x float> <op>, <vscale x 4 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)
>       declare <256 x i64>  @llvm.vp.llrint.v256i64.v256f64 (<256 x double> <op>, <256 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      declare <16 x i32> @llvm.vp.llrint.v16i32.v16f32(<16 x float> <op>, <16 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)
      declare <vscale x 4 x i32> @llvm.vp.llrint.nxv4i32.nxv4f32(<vscale x 4 x float> <op>, <vscale x 4 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)
      declare <256 x i64> @llvm.vp.llrint.v256i64.v256f64(<256 x double> <op>, <256 x i1> <mask>, i32 <vector_length>)
```

Overview:
"""""""""

Predicated llrint of a vector of floating-point values.

Arguments:
""""""""""

> The result is an intger vector and the first operand is an float vector and has
> the same number of elements as the result vector type. The second operand is the
> vector mask and has the same number of elements as the result vector type. The
> third operand is the explicit vector length of the operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result is an integer vector and the first operand is a vector of :ref:`floating-point <t_floating>` type with
the same number of elements as the result vector type. The second operand is the
vector mask and has the same number of elements as the result vector type. The
third operand is the explicit vector length of the operation.
```
